[docs] Improve Contributing.md - part 2 (#17562)
mui-org/material-ui: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Getting started

> 

Reviewer: It's probably a good idea to link to a general guide about forking. https://help.github.com/en/articles/fork-a-repo looks quite nice and is not on a 3rd party website. It's tempting to link from this from the first step but I'd like to make this more prominent since the guide already requires knowledge about git(hub) without linking any ressources.

Author: So you suggest to incorporate branch structure inline into "Getting started"?

Reviewer: No, I don't understand how my comment could be interpreted that way? I was just talking about a link to a guide about how to set up a fork.

Author: @eps1lon I maybe entered this comment https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/pull/17562#discussion_r328015796a in the wrong reply box.

It was my reply on #17562 (review).

1. Fork the Material-UI repository on GitHub
2. Clone the fork to your local machine and add upstream remote
```sh
git clone git@github.com:<yourname>/material-ui.git
cd material-ui
git remote add upstream git@github.com:mui-org/material-ui.git
```

NOTE: If you already have a cloned Material-UI repository make sure to synchronize it with the upstream one:
```sh
git checkout master
git pull upstream master
```

> 3. Create a branch `git checkout -b my-topic-branch`

Reviewer 2: Does relying on list auto-increment work in this context?
```suggestion
1. Create a branch `git checkout -b my-topic-branch`
```

Author: If you do this it will be shown as 1, not as 3.

4. Make changes. If you change the code make sure to use proper [coding-style](#coding-style)

> 5. Commit and push to your fork with `git push --set-upstream origin my-topic-branch`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Commit and push to your fork with `git push -u origin my-topic-branch`
```

Flag shouldn't be required anyway for the default case (just my opinion) but let's use a friendlier one.

## Getting started

> 1. [Fork](https://help.github.com/en/articles/fork-a-repo) the Material-UI repository. A fork is a copy of a repository. It allows you to freely experiment with changes without affecting the original project.

Author: What about putting only "1. [Fork](https://help.github.com/en/articles/fork-a-repo) the Material-UI repository." as the first bullet.

1. Create a branch `git checkout -b my-topic-branch`.
1. Make changes. If you change the code make sure to use proper [coding-style](#coding-style).
1. Commit and push to your fork with `git push -u origin my-topic-branch`.

> 1. Visit our GitHub page and [create a pull request](https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork).

Author: What about putting only "[Create a pull request](https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork)." in the last bullet.
